Cuz remember, TRT is considered natural,
but it sucks.
Because it's got you high in the
afternoon and at night.
And that's never when you're supposed to
have high testosterone. And
coincidentally, there's a whole bunch of
side effects. When you use testosterone
and don't have it high later in the day,
you get more upside and way less
downside. I believe there will be people
who will be TRT only, and they will be
able to build a bodybuilder's physique
or a powerlifter's physique. I'm talking
like top-tier elite athletics
muscularity with just this.
>> [music]
>> Hi. My name is John Jaquish. I'm a
doctor of biomedical engineering, which
gives me a unique perspective over many
of the sports scientists you hear
talking about sports performance,
physical development, androgenic
compounds, testosterone replacement
therapy. Today, I want to talk a little
bit about the testosterone replacement
therapy myself and my friends have
launched called Nandrogen, available at
oralonly.com.
So, the question we get is how far can
Nandrogen get you? Now, what that what
they mean by that is like you take
somebody who's been natural their whole
life, and then they lose testosterone as
they age, mostly because of the standard
Western diet, which is very suppressive
to testosterone. Also, loss of sleep,
alcohol, lack of sunlight.
Lots of things that we we just deal
with, and it's very suppressive to
testosterone. So, the answer has become
in many cases testosterone replacement
therapy. Well, the standard TRT,
testosterone replacement therapy, is
injectable,
and it basically doesn't work very well
past 60 days for a number of reasons,
mostly SHBG going up. And when that
happens, it really kind of cancels out
the testosterone that you're injecting.
And so, the the body is just not not
making it very usable. So, obviously,
the before and afters from TRT are
pretty much non-existent because nobody
really gains anything or much from it.
Uh now, you could feel better.
Uh you could perform sexually better.
You A lot of problems with suppressed
testosterone are far beyond just what
your muscles look like.
However, that's a big thing. Like, you
should be able to continue to get
stronger. And with SHBG going up, you're
really not going to necessarily grow a
lot of muscle because
as SHBG goes up, it arrests, as in
here's testosterone, SHBG, sex hormone
binding globulin. Sex hormone being
testosterone, binding meaning it grabs a
hold of the testosterone and makes sure
it can't attach it any of the receptor
sites. So, it becomes inert or
worthless. So, with fast-acting
testosterone, this is Natesto. This is
the gel you squirt under your tongue
first thing in the morning. It takes you
to a very high level of testosterone. In
the test we did with 15 mg of
testosterone, individuals got to 2,300
ng/dL
for about an hour. And then it drops
down. So, that bump of testosterone in
the beginning, and you can see here in
the graphic, it gets you higher, way
higher than you would normally be, but
it's still the same amount of
testosterone that you'd get with TRT.
It's just arranged differently, so the
body uses it very quickly. It's sort of
squashed into one one bump, and then it
tapers off. And this is in an effort to
give you the maximum results and the
minimum side effects. So, the side
effects
that are normally associated with TRT
either don't happen or are greatly
diminished. For example, you still
retain normal sexual and reproductive
function, whereas with injectable
testosterone, you're completely
suppressed. Now, let me circle back to
the question. How far can I get with an
androgen? Well, that's a great question
because
you're going to be put in a position
where you can continually grow with
this.
Because instead of upregulating
sex hormone binding globulin, it
actually suppresses
sex hormone binding globulin. Because as
it comes up, then when it crashes,
apparently the body doesn't see that as
a problem. In fact, it does you the
favor of making more testosterone
available to attach to receptor sites.
This is a theory. I'm supposing this
because the bump of testosterone is
within the window where you're supposed
to have high testosterone.
And by the time you get into the part of
the day where you're not supposed to
have high testosterone, the later part
of the day, it's low. It's back to
wherever you were before.
Which wasn't causing any problems. You
basically get the benefit of like the
beginning of TRT or the beginning of a
cycle of anabolics if you want to look
at it that way every day you do it.
I actually believe if somebody uses
testosterone in this manner
with natural levels. So, not not
anything exceeding what would be
considered a testosterone replacement
therapy dosage. I believe they could be
a competitive bodybuilder. I believe
they could grow incredible amounts of
muscle mass,
have incredible amounts of strength,
and never have to
go beyond what's considered natural
because remember TRT is considered
natural but it sucks
because it's got you high in the
afternoon and at night
and that's never when you're supposed to
have high testosterone and
coincidentally there's a whole bunch of
side effects. When you use testosterone
and don't have it high later in the day
you get more upside and way less
downside.
And I I I believe there will be people
who will be TRT only
and they will be able to build a
bodybuilder's physique
or a powerlifter's physique. I'm talking
like top-tier elite athletics
muscularity with just this and anybody
who wants to put that to the test
oralonly.com
is where you want to go and the product
is NandroGen. [music]
See you on the next one. If this video
helped you I want you to subscribe and
follow. I'm going to put out videos on a
regular basis. I think they're going to
help a whole lot of people especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights
>> [music]
>> we've got the answer for you.